All right next let's work on the pants and the boots.
So let's come to our pants layer and we're going to create a new clipping mask.
Will drag that above our color layer then.
Let's select this color.
Now let's find a shadow for it.
It's best to go darker because you can always bring down the opacity on your.
OK now let's brush in those shadows.
Right here just the shadows for the
Great.
Now let's bring down the opacity on those shadows.
Think about their looks good.
Next let's add an extra dark shadow right here on this alleged between the shirt and the pants.
The way we'll do that is by coming over to our shadow layer and selecting its shape by holding down
control or command and then hitting the thumb extra going to create a new clipping layer.
And we want to make sure it's above our shadow layer then we're going to use our color picker to select
this shadow blue.
And then we're going to darken that even more.
But there should be good.
And make sure you're on a soft edged brush.
We're going to paint in a line right about there.
Awesome.
Now we can unselect out of that shape.
Looking pretty good.
Now let's label these layers so we'll call this layer shadow
called the next layer chateau
call this last layer color.
Now we can close the folder.
Now let's work on our boot those create a new clipping mask and let's bring it to the very top of our
layers.
Now we'll select our blue color.
We'll create a shadow color for it.
OK.
Now let's brush that in.
Make sure we switch back over to a hard edged brush.
Now we can paint in those shadows.
So I just go ahead right away the areas that I don't want.
Sometimes the best way to learn is to just watch somebody do
great.
Now let's turn down the opacity on the shadow
think that looks good.
And now we're going to do the same thing we did with the shadow from our shirt.
So let's select the shape
next.
Let's add a new clipping layer and bring it above our shadow.
Then we'll select this color we'll bring down the darkness
then switch over to a softer brush.
And then we'll paint in that under shadow
great.
Now we can unselect out of that shape.
Now as you can see it got up here on the top part of the Buu which we don't want it there.
So using our race tool will just erase that.
Now let's add some highlights.
So we'll select or boot colored
and we're going to lighten that
next.
Let's add a new clipping mask and bring above our shadow layer.
Make sure that you switch back to a hard edged brush
and I'm going to add a highlight right here on the top of the boot.
This little lip.
I'm also going to add a highlight here on this top of the boot.
Then let's not forget to label our layers so we'll call this first one.
I like
call this next one to Chateau
called the next one.
Chateau.
And then we'll call this the last one color.
We can close up fuller.